KOALA-4432: Update document reviewed description (#1157)
canvas-medical/documentation: collections/_sdk/events.md

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr><th colspan="2">DOCUMENT_REVIEWED</th></tr>

>     <tr><td colspan="2">Occurs when a clinical document is marked as reviewed. This fires when the Data Integration task status changes to reviewed, or when a Lab Review, Imaging Review, Referral Review, or Uncategorized Document Review command is completed.</td></tr>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <tr><td colspan="2">Occurs when a clinical document is marked as reviewed. This fires when the Data Integration task status changes to reviewed, or when a Lab Results Review, Imaging Report Review, Consult Report Review, or Uncategorized Document Review command is committed.</td></tr>
```
